
There is a constant humming sound in Chanpaign and Urbana which has been reported
by students, doctors and families. These accounts must be carefully compiled and
compared in order to explain why the sound shakes our homes and is coming from all
directions. 

The Chanpaign Police department is responsible for enforcing industrial noise 
complaints.  Upon calling the Champaign POlice department to ask if anyone else 
had reported such a sound, to address the magnitude of the problem, they 
politely and helpfully said that there was not.

It seemed unlikely that during the coronavirus pandemic no one had reported what
is quite obviously a very annoying and disturbing humming which is nearly 
always present in its highest decibal form and is present 24/7 to a lesser yet 
noticeable extent. Internet research search queries of "humming sound in 
Champaign" produce some very odd results. It took days of reading through all 
of the hundreds of pages to find the few that actually represent the case of 
the noise pollution found here -- despite the COVID-19 pandemic having queited 
the city with a relative absence of aircraft and construction.

There are in fact a number of complaints made by citizens of Chanpaign County 
and residents of Champaign and Urbana themselves which were brought before City 
Councils and the Champaign city council. The complaints though sparse in number 
are poignant in stories of people who were forced from their homes by wind 
turbine noise.

The reason that the wind turbine compliants are few in number is a bit shocking 
in reality. The search queries overlap with what is referred to as a disturbing 
phenomenon people called the "global hum". It takes many refinements of search 
qqueries to get past this quite incorrect explanation. Because only 
2% of people can hear the sound and the low quality informaton surrounding its 
explanation -- citizens of our city are left with an explanation that is 
causing medical doctors, their families and themselves to question the sanity 
and fitness of their minds. University of Illinois research supplying results 
with the specific query "Champaign" bring the number of pages that a citizen 
must search through much higher than typical. Indeed, the citizens of smaller 
outlying cities which also have problems with wind farm noise return query 
results many times more useful than the citizens of Champaign.

University students report on reddit using light language to indicate that they 
thought they were losing their minds. Most won't admit to such. As well they 
should not, because wind farm turbines, power plant noise, Kraft and Solo Cup 
noise make it difficult to pinpoint the source -- and the stigmatizing and 
ridiculous global hum explanation make it impossible to explain what is
happening even if they were to admit.

Citizens and students are not calling the police department because they fear  
they have lost thier minds. The constant droning sound, even for rural peoples 
with only a single and well known source is reported to have caused great 
psychological disturbance as well havig been proven to do so. It is not a 
stretch of the imagainstion to hypothesize that the citizens of Champaign whom 
already suffer from mental illnesses have absolutey no idea why their homes 
appear to be shaking and rumbling and the explanations that they must come up 
with are heartbreaking to consider. One can only hope that their doctors know
why this humming cccurs or why it comes from all directions such that it
can't be easily tracked down or explain.ed


Proposition:
Mailings should be provided to citizens in a cost effective manner that explain 
what these disturbing sounds are such that they are subject to the nearly 
impossible to navigate search queries.

The police departments should be informed that those calling in with complaints 
of "humming" that ehtically should be provided an explanationn, that:
	1. The humming sound sources, as there are mmny
	2. That these sounds likely are permitted.

Our citizens are not weak or foolish. However, the lack of reports indicates 
that the unfornate nature of the internet search query results they are 
obtaining have caused them to make the decision to not report it at all while 
we all shelter in our homes. What has happened is sad, but it is no one's 
fault. Even university students, PhD candidates, can not wade through all 
of this information to produce a thorough ecplanation and refer primarily to 
only 1 of the sources -- Abbot power plant. It took days of dedicated research 
to reveal the simple fact that Champaign and Urbana's humming and droning 
noises are 1. real (not global humming) 2. They have no single specifc source and 3. 
the bravery to call the police department and humbly ask. Then the task had to 
be repeated and this web page had to be created in order to finally even barely 
approach what is required to manage this problem.

Those that make it to the end of this sad journey and have went before city 
council hit the pitfall of suggesting that installations of wind farms or 
factories should be removed or queited -- They clearly don't know how things 
work around here. Some of us like factories and others like wind energy and 
still others prefer solar. Motorcycles and what can only be called monster 
trucks will alwaays be welcome to race at full speed limit maxima on our 
streets with unheard of acceleration. Even a sedan of today accelrates at
rates like like a DeLorean.

So they failed too. Some of theri email addresses long abandoned.


Let's at least inform our citizens of what is going on.

Without profiteering and at 50 cents a stamp, 10 cents an envelope and 10 cents 
a print out a notice could be distributed.

One call to the police station by an official with rank telling them to inform 
questining citizens where the noise comes from would help in the meantime that 
anyone may call in to ask about this sad problem. 

In the meantime, I'll contact city council, the police department and attempts 
to set up a search query counter for google such that the problem of search 
obfuscation of the terms "Champaign humming noise" can be tracked and we can 
get back to battling the pandemic and comfort our ill family members who, for 
years, must have been suffering.


